W-12784054 | Add note about memory constraints to the Json Module (#2321)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: json/2.4/modules/ROOT/pages/json-schema-validation.adoc

The JSON module *Validate schema* operation (`<json:validate-schema>`) validates that the input content is compliant with a given JSON schema.

[NOTE]

> The operation supports schema versions: Draft 3, Draft 4, Draft 6, Draft 7, Draft 2019-09 and Draft 2020-12. The operation can encounter memory constraints when loading extensive JSON files into memory.

Reviewer: It's a bit redundant.
Could it be:

```suggestion
Supported schema versions are: Draft 3, Draft 4, Draft 6, Draft 7, Draft 2019-09 and Draft 2020-12. +
The operation can encounter memory constraints when loading extensive JSON file.
```
